'I lived a real life once, it was long, long ago now. Really its only been a year, 
not so long when you're content and life ticks by....
Really it was its own kind of hell, i've seen what living looks like, briefly.
It's hard... Hard to think, to move, live, hell I can't even remember past last week.
I will remember, I have to, I need to know what I'm fighting for, who i'm fighting for.
It sure as hell isn't who I was that i'm fighting for, or who I am since I don't know who that is.....
Wait, who am I? Actually who was I for that, matter...'
Sound of movement and scratching catches in your ears, ringing in your brain like an opera hall.
Gripping your legs, fingers going white, fear makes your heart kick into gear adn you let out a 
deep breath you never knew you were holding. Your breath comes out ragged, heart beating so hard
now it makes your lunges convulse slightly, forcing you to take a new steadying breath and another... 
One more now good, keep breathing you're okay. You remember now you're hiding, you're locked down, in here, 
you will be fine... Until morning but at least that's something, you know you should be sleeping or relaxing.
So you try to now that you can breathe, all you've been thinking of for a little while has been.
'I am not afraid anymore, it is okay, I am okay, I am safe, for now, I am safe.'
Okay need to remember, so I don't lose it completely, who am I? Let's start with
My gender........

*choice
  #I am a MAN
    A man, living in a man's world. I've got this, surviving is what I was born to do!
    Okay then sir.... what kind of man are you, in this mans world huh?
    *choice
      #Big and muscled I'm heavy and brutally strong!
        I have all this muscle and not much stamina, can bust doors down, punch chunks off a Z's skull. Hell my hands are so big,
        they can be considered permanent weapons! I do need to eat a lot more, get tired faster and adrenaline effects me more.
        Drugs and medicatation stay in my system longer and effect me more, I never get sick but if I do, I may not survive in this world.
      #Lean and skinny, I'm faster than I look and have more stamina than the brute!
        So I can hide easier, am faster, smarter and better looking (in my opinion). Adrenaline, food, drugs all speed through
        my system due to an increased metabolism and if I get sick. Fever may actually kill me I'm a walking space heater!
      #So what I'm chubby?!
        I don't care what you think, I have just enough fitness to keep safe. I can customize my fitness and body shape much easier 
        and it's not like i'm going to starve anytime soon! Least likely to get sick, most likely to survive, I won't get cold but
  #I am a Woman
    Better believe there's nothing I can't do, I can bury whover and whatever I need to, in order to survive!
  #I-I'm just a girl
    I have no idea how I have survived 'till now, I-I need to hide but I'm so hungry!
  #I know I'm just a boy
    Maybe I can grow up fast, I've already killed.. So maybe if I can find someone I have a chance!
  #MY gender has nothing to do with this!
    I can be a man in a womans body, or a woman in a mans body, I'm a survivor that's all that matters right now!
